Old tool takes this ratio,
merged it with the volume
information on the IFC model
that calculates the densities of
the elements and their weights.
Now we will explain how the code
works.
I am late and I explained the
code so our tools take the
information of the steel ratio
on the concrete density in a in
an Excel file and then it use
the volume of the element that
we find in the IFC file in order
to get all the values that it
need we need and and then it put
everything in an Excel file for
the output using an product data
frame.
And so nakaa will talk about the
BPMN.
Hi I am nakaa I would present.
And and a process map of our
tool and in the upper part
reference information we use the
geographic geometric.
Yeah, properties and in the
pillow part here where the
exchange information exchange
and we use this as a input 3D
model design input and the
document document output and
design model output in the
middle here the how our tool.
And develop from the initial
design model to the developed
design model and the develop
code to calculate.
And and and volume.
I.